I met Bruce Lee's vegetarian brother yesterday. His name is Brocko Lee.;
I went to the local apiary to buy a dozen bees. They gave me thirteen and said the last one was a free bee.;
I order four loaves of Italian bread but only received three plus one other type. I'm not sure what it is but I suspect something is a rye.;
My uncle just had a retirement party even though he'd never worked a day of his life. He was a night watchman.;
Why is everyone in such an uproar over Mr. Peanut's death? I mean, he'll be back in a Jif.;
The last thing my grandfather said before he died was,”it's worth it to spend money on good speakers.”
That was some sound advice.;
My doctor told me my sugar was too high so I came home and moved it to a lower shelf.;
You'll never be able to repair your own pericardium if your heart isn't in it.;
I ordered some stuff online yesterday but accidentally used my donor card instead of my credit card. It cost me an arm and a leg.;
Do gun manuals have a troubleshooting section?;
I needed to move a ladder but thought it might be too hard. I ended up taking it just one step at a time.;
The year 2020 is going to be filled with so many puns about perfect vision..... I can't wait to see them all.;
I went down to the paint store to get thinner. It didn't work.;
I just adopted a dog from a blacksmith. As soon as we got him home, he made a bolt for the door.;
My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk.;
While walking past a farm I saw a sign that said “Duck, eggs.” I thought: “That's an unnecessary comma.” Then it hit me.;
Bowling is a great activity for kids- it gets them off the streets and into alleys and gutters.;
Control Tower: Can you give me your position?
Pilot: I'm next to a cloud that looks like a lion.
Control Tower: Can you be more specific?
Pilot: Simba.;
My wife said I never listen to her, or something like that.;
I went to a disgusting pub last night called “The Fiddle.” I shouldn't have been surprised, the name sounded like a vile inn.;
Man in boxers leads police on a brief chase.;
Diets are for those who are think and tired of it.;
I broke my leg in three places. My doctor said I shouldn't go to those places any more.;
My wife is upset with me for downloading the entire Wikipedia. I hope she'll calm down, I can explain everything.;
My teacher asked me what came after a sentence. Apparently “an appeal” wasn't the right answer.;
The man who invented human cloning has died. The Mourners were beside themselves at his funeral.;
My teenage daughter looked at me and screeched: “Daaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you?”
What a strange way to start a conversation with me....;
Whats the best way to cook alligator?
In a Croc Pot.;
As I get older and remember all the people I've lost along the way, I think to myself... maybe a career as a tour guide really wasn't for me.;
I bought my wife a fridge for her birthday. I can't wait to see her face light up.;
Having a hard time finding a coffin- anyone know where I can dig one up?;
I don't have an opinion on the number 0; it means nothing to me.;
There have been many advancements in tools over the years but the invention of the drill was a real turning point.;
I just found out those stick people on the back of cars aren't for keeping track of how many pedestrians you've hit. On an unrelated note- does anyone know how to get sticker adhesive off window?;
The flip-side of a contagious gum disease is an infectious smile.;
I recently slapped a cheerful fortune teller after my therapist told me I needed to strike a happy medium.;
I heard it takes five sheep to make one sweater. I didn't even know they could knit!;
If you are illiterate you probably live your life by a set of unwritten rules.;
I got my daughter the jogging stroller she wanted. Then it ran away.;
What kind of Dr. is Dr.Pepper?
A FIZZician.;
I was delighted when I found out someone stole all of my light bulbs.;
I lost some of my chess pieces. Can somebody recommend a good pawn shop?;
Which weighs more, a gallon of water or a gallon of butane?
A gallon of water. Butane is a lighter fluid.;
Someone stole y suspenders form the clothes line. I'm not holding up very well.;
I've discovered that my girlfriend is really a ghost. I became suspicious the moment she walked through the door.;
Apparently optometrists live longer because they dilate.;
My infant granddaughter's diaper blew out onto her onesie. This changes everything.;
I just bought a suit of armor but I'm afraid it make me look middle aged.;
I was going to spend $2000 on a wig but decided it was too much toupee.;
I just opened an Elvis- themed steakhouse. It's for people who love meat tender.;
Our town has a statue of a giant tooth but nobody know why it is there because there isn't any plaque.;
After 20 years of leading an insect aerobics class, I'm still working out all the bugs.;
I dig, you dig, he digs, she digs, they dig.
It's not a beautiful poem, but it's deep.;
I just bought a thought controlled air freshener. It makes sense when you think about it.;
My friend has invented an invisible airplane. I don't see it taking off.;
I relabeled all of the jar's in my wife's spice rack. I'm not in trouble yet... but the thyme is cumin.;
Never let anyone tell you what you can or cannot do. Just look at Beethoven. Everyone told him he would never be a musician, just because he was deaf. But did he listen?;
If you have any bowling puns, Spare me.;
I have no home. I lost control. I don't see any escape.
I really need to get a new keyboard.;
The seamstress though I was clearing my throat every time I asked her to make a hem.;
I was going to post a joke about sodium but I was like, na, people won't understand it.;
A bottle nosed dolphin just bought the house next door. I think he may be a house flipper.;
The three symptoms of laziness are:
1.;
I found the first four Harry Potter books to be quite light hearted but the fifth one was dead Sirius.;
My three favorite things are eating my family and not using commas.;
I've decided that unemployment just isn't working.;
Big feet fun in my family.;
We're expecting such a cold winter, the squirrels are collecting more nuts that usual. So far, three of my relatives have disappeared.;
I once shot an elephant in my pajamas. I still don't know how he got into my pajamas.;
During a recent tour of the New York Ties, I was taken to a very nice underground room. It was the New York Times best cellar.;
My father severed ties after 30 years of working for the railroad. He caused a 5-car derailment.;
I thought I'd broken my ankle last night when I tripped over a box of Kleenex. Doctor says it is just tissue damage.;
I met my wife at a dance. She rolled her eyes at me... So, I picked them up and rolled them back.;
How to fall down the stairs:
Step 1
Step 2
Step 3
Step 6;
I've started a job at the spice factory but it is just seasonal work.;
I like my job as a deer breeder. I don't get rich but I make a few bucks.;
I lost my job as a zookeeper, which I really don't think was fair. There were signs all over that said “Don't feed the animals.”;
Have you ever tried bilnd-folded archery? You don't know what you're missing!;
Oh no! Clocks go back on Nov. 3 and I can't remember where I got mine from.;
My new pedometer did not ocme with step-by-step instructions!;
My doctor said eat more greens, but the manager of the local golf course wasn't too enthused about it.;
My wife enrolled us in a couples art class without my knowledge. This is where I have to draw the line.;
The guy at the pet store tried to sell me a spider. That's ridiculous, I can get one cheaper off the web.;
Some friends accused me of having OCD. I immediately put them in their place.;
A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night. Oof.;
I failed my empathy test, but I don't care. 
